[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Approximately 150 miles from
the North Korean border lies
the Chinese province of Jilin.
It is here at an ancient
burial site known as Houtaomuga
that researchers excavated 25
human skeletons dating back
to between 5,000 and
12,000 years ago.
The researchers were
intrigued with their findings.
These skulls of
long-dead individuals
were elongated far beyond
what is considered normal
for average Homo sapiens.
They also represented some
of the oldest known examples
of intentionally reshaping
the bones in the human head
to form this conical shape.
>> The skulls found
at Houtaomuga,
China are interesting.
Because this is the first
archaeological site where
they can judge just
how long that practice
had been going on.
So some of the Houtaomuga
skulls dated as far back
as 12,000 years ago, all the
way up to 5,000 years ago.
And so that spanned
a 7,000-year period.
>> And of course,
when this happens,
if you look at
these individuals,
they're going to look strikingly
different to everybody else.
And these particular
elongated heads date
between 5,000 years ago, all the
way back to 12,000 years ago.
And this is quite incredible.
Because this shows
that this process
was going on at this early date.
And this is at the very
end of the last ice age.
So what are these
elongated heads?
Why did they do this?
What do we know
about this process?
Which, it must be pointed
out, is not unique to China.
It's something that has
gone on all over the world--
in the Americas, in the Eurasian
continent, and in Africa.
It's there everywhere.
>> The origin of the dragon
emperors and the dragon people
of China goes back,
again, to about 8500 BC,
which is around the time period
we're talking about here,
of this group of gods that
survived the catastrophic
flood.
And they arrived in specific
hot spots around the world
to kick start civilization.
Because it's always
been suggested,
how did humans spontaneously
discover civilization
all at once, all around
the world at the same time?
So in 8500 BC in China,
we have the establishment
of the dragon people
or the serpent people,
as they were also called.
And they were the two
gods that basically
had the group of
seven other gods
with whom they brought
the civilization
to that part of the world.
And they're described as
very tall, long headed.
And it was their
genetic bloodline
that eventually
becomes the dragon
bloodline of the
dragon emperors, which
we know so much about.
>> When we look at the historic
records throughout Egypt,
and the highlands
of central China,
and the monasteries of
Tibet as well as Mesoamerica
and into Peru, what we find
is that in ancient times,
the beings with the
elongated heads had very,
very mystical powers.
They were able to do things
that typical humans could not.
They were able to
heal very quickly
and heal the bodies
of other people.
They were able to understand
time in a very different way,
and see into the future,
and see into the past.
And they were able
to access information
in ways that the average person
appeared could not do easily.
>> If these elongated headed
beings had mystical powers
and abilities beyond
the human species,
could these strange skulls come
from a completely different
species on this planet?
>> People with elongated skulls
literally inhabited the entire
planet.
And no matter where
you go on the planet,
you will find remnants of
elongated skulls or people
that used to have
elongated skulls.
And a lot of evidence
has been left behind
that they traveled
and circumnavigated
the entire planet.
They may have even
been interplanetary.
>> If this is true, could these
elongated headed beings have
come from the stars
to give us knowledge?
Another location
provides more evidence--
Malta, the three-island
archipelago
in the middle of the
Mediterranean Sea.
It was here in the heart
of these islands that these
ancient people built the
world's only known pre-historic
subterranean temple--
the Hal Saflieni Hypogeum.
Within the lower chambers
of the temple's necropolis,
archaeologist
Themistocles Zammit
discovered thousands of skeletal
remains during the early 1900s,
their skulls elongated.
The origin of these remains
has never been determined.
Only recently have
these skulls undergone
thorough scientific study.
>> This is what makes it so
unique is the fact that you
have these above-ground temples,
and you have a surrogate
temple, which is its mirror
image under the ground.
It's unique in the world.
And one of them was called
the Hypogeum of Hal Saflieni.
And it was unique, because when
he started digging the insides
of these 33 chambers
on three levels--
that's a hell of a lot of
digging that was done--
he found something
like 11,000 bodies
in there-- skeletons
that have all
been thrown in there
very unceremoniously
as though a massive
tidal wave had
taken over the islands, which
is exactly what happened.
So he found all these
bodies in there.
And much to his
amazement, a lot of them--
and there's over a thousand of
them-- were elongated skulls.
And they're unusual.
A part of the fossa
medium was missing.
And also, the sagittal
suture was also not there,
as you'd find that little crack
that's in the human skull.
>> So something was
different about these skulls.
And it was realized that they
represented an elite group,
people who were different to the
many other thousands of skulls.
So who were these elites?
Although, certainly,
they were the people
in charge of the
engineering projects
that were going on, on the
island of Malta itself.
most assuredly, they had
different genetic backgrounds.
But who were they?
And where did they come from?
>> Could the elongated heads
found in Malta give more
evidence that the elongated
heads were not only a different
species, but maybe not
even from this planet?
>> This is where context
becomes so important.
Because if we look
only at the skulls,
we may never be able
to solve the mystery.
But what the context of
the people in the area
tell us through their written
records, through the artifacts,
through the oral traditions
is that humans have always had
a relationship with the cosmos.
We have a family in the stars.
And those that have come
to us throughout history,
various times in history, in
times of need when humankind
faced some of the greatest
challenges and crises of war
and climate in the past--
famine-- it is these beings
with the elongated skulls that
came and brought
food, such as quinoa
to the people of the Andes.
They brought wisdom of peace.
They brought the ability to
heal when diseases ravaged
throughout these populations.
And they all associate these
extraordinary experiences
with our family from the stars.
>> If these beings did
come from the stars,
why did they come to Earth?
>> When you analyze and look
at some of these ancient texts,
you'd start to discover
that there's the potential
for an ancient galactic war that
occurred in the Pleiades star
cluster.
And you had the Lyrans
and the Sirians.
And some of the depictions
of them-- they had elongated
skulls.
But either way, when you look
at the record of people coming
from other places to Earth, they
seem to have elongated skulls.
Or the ancient people, at
least, have depicted them
as having these large,
elongated skulls.
>> This isn't the first planet
that this race has visited.
These interdimensional
beings-- they guide often.
They guide the
different planets.
And they bring in
a lot of knowledge.
They are the knowledge keepers.
These beings-- and they have
such a mass consciousness.
And they have a mass
amount of knowledge that's
beyond time, that's infinite.
And they travel from
planet to planet,
bringing this information
and instilling it
into the consciousness
of any new planet
that there is within
specific solar systems.
>> If these beings were
installing a new consciousness,
could there be remnants of
them also in ancient Egypt,
where many secrets of the gods
and their power are carved
into the walls of temples?
The most famous
elongated heads depicted
throughout Egyptian
history is a pharaoh
of Egypt, Akhenaten, and his
Queen Nefertiti, and later,
King Tut.
>> I'm really intrigued by the
elongated skulls that we find
throughout history and
depictions of beings with
elongated skulls.
In particular, I'm fascinated
by Akhenaten and his children.
Akhenaten is considered the
heretic king in ancient Egypt
about 1400 BC.
He's originally portrayed as
a normal-looking human being.
But then suddenly,
the Egyptians started
portraying him with what is
clearly an elongated skull.
And his children have
elongated skulls.
And it fascinates
me to wonder, well,
why did they suddenly
start doing that?
What is the ultimate
meaning of that?
Egyptologists dismiss it as
some kind of a genetic condition
that he suffered from that
was passed on to his children.
But I'm not so sure about that.
For me, the answer comes from
looking at the metaphysics
that Akhenaten introduced.
He introduced
monotheism to the world.
He fired the whole pantheon
of ancient Egyptian gods
and introduced the
worship of the Aton, which
he called the disc.
And people, especially
Egyptologists,
say that Akhenaten
worshipped the sun.
And the disc
represented the sun.
But Akhenaten said no, that the
Aton symbolized or represented
the light that
illuminated the sun.
Now, think about that.
That is a giant leap
in consciousness
that he's introducing.
And he passed this teaching
on to his children as well.
Is there a correspondence
between this giant leap
in consciousness
that he introduced
and perhaps a heightened or
a greater cranial capacity
that he might have
actually possessed
and his children
could have possessed?
We're told by researchers
of elongated skulls
that the cranial
capacity could be
two and a half times that
of an ordinary human being.
Just think of what you
could do consciousness wise
if you have a cranial
capacity two and a half times
what you have right now.
And what if Akhenaten, indeed,
had this cranial capacity
and he's introducing this
super advanced metaphysics that
actually changed the world?
>> If these beings came to Earth
to help the human population,
is it possible their species
could be linked to the human
lineage at all?
There is yet one more
place in the world
that holds a high concentration
of elongated heads.
And thanks to the
dry desert location,
the remains of the elongated
heads have not been destroyed.
Paracus, a desert
peninsula located
within the Pisco province of
the southern coast of Peru--
it is here where Peruvian
archaeologist Julio Tello
made an amazing discovery in
1928, an elaborate burial site
containing tombs, containing
hundreds of ancient remains.
Tello and fellow
archaeologists at the time
were amazed to learn these
bodies possessed the largest
elongated skulls found
anywhere in the world
and have come to be known
as the Paracus skulls.
In total, Tello
found more than 300
of these elongated
skulls, some of which date
back around 3,000 years.
>> Here's where
the mystery begins.
Because when we look
at the physical skulls
that we find in southern
Peru, in places like Paracus,
for example, what we find
is that these skulls do not
look like typical human skulls
before they are deformed.
>> Researcher Jack Cary
points to some of the skulls
discovered and shows that they
are completely different from
any other human skull.
>> Paracus skulls
are interesting,
because they're missing
the sagittal suture.
And they have one
parietal plate.
They seem to all express
genetic features that we
don't see in normal humans.
So the difference between
the fossa major found
in the one skulls is genetic.
And it has to do with
the type of ridge that's
running through the
top plate of the skull
and almost makes it flatter.
The Paracus skulls were
missing the sagittal suture,
which is where you could
connect the two parietal plates
of the human skull.
So in either case, those
are genetic traits.
They're not caused by
ritual head binding.
>> In 2018, several Paracus
skulls received DNA testing
from geneticist William Brown
and scientist Nassim Haramein.
Carbon dating was performed
on the skulls upon arrival.
And ancient DNA
extraction was performed
with the UCLA Center for
Genomic & Bioinformatics lab.
By early 2019, they started
analyzing the whole genome.
>> We were able to receive
samples from two elongated
skulls from the Paracus in Peru.
They were amazingly
well preserved.
I saw that they had hair
that was still present.
They had soft tissues
that were still present.
And from my initial
estimation, they
looked like, perhaps,
400 years old at a max.
When we did radiocarbon
dating of them,
they came out at 2,000-plus
years old, 2,200 years old,
one 2,400 years before present.
We performed analysis
on the skull volume,
the size of the skulls
as compared to humans.
The skulls had a larger
volume than human skulls.
The sutures where the
two plates of a cranium--
the cranial skull
come together--
were different in
the elongated skulls.
>> We have preliminary results
from the testing we've done.
And it appears to have
some anomalies that
are very interesting.
Certainly being in
contact with these skulls,
and seeing them, and doing even
just a general analysis of them
is definitely remarkable.
Some of the anomalies that
we're finding in the testing
is making us think
that they could
be different species, at least,
than the Homo sapien sapien.
>> The genetic
testing is ongoing.
But the first results shows a
large amount of gene variation
relative to the 1,000 human
reference genome, which
indicates either non-random
changes in the DNA
or a high degree of genetic
divergence from Homo sapiens.
But the latest results
are even more fascinating.
Analysis was done with a
John Hopkins deep sequencing
genomics core.
And it shows that, surprisingly,
there are no alignment
or matches to the
human reference genome.
William Brown explains
what they discovered
and why it possibly
connects an ancient lineage.
>> We've traced this interesting
lineage and anomalous results
for the mother's side of these
two remains of these elongated
skulls.
We traced the
mitochondrial genome
of these two elongated
skulls to the haplogroup
that most closely compares
to the mitochondrial DNA
of the two elongated skulls--
is in the Black Sea
region of Central Asia.
This particular haplogroup
is most strongly represented
in this region
around the Black Sea.
It's very interesting.
Because in that region,
you find elongated skulls.
It's very unusual,
because in South America,
you very rarely or never find
that particular mitochondrial
haplotype.
But these elongated skulls--
that's where they match to.
We can say that the mother has
a human mitochondrial genome.
But even that is
almost borderline.
Because if you were to
randomly sample any two people,
they would have about
20 to 26 changes
in the DNA sequence against
a human reference genome.
These skulls-- the
mitochondrial genome
for them had upwards of 50
single nucleotide variants,
so more than double
the amount you normally
see in the human
population anywhere.
So the mitochondrial
DNA, the mother's side
is not closely related to
any extant human populations
either.
>> If DNA sequencing of these
ancient beings found anomalies
relating to the mother,
were investigations
into the father's Y chromosome
as equally anomalous?
>> What you have is a Y
chromosome that is not matching
to the human reference
genome Y chromosome,
suggesting that the father
was not Homo sapien.
And if that was the case,
it would go a long way
in explaining why we detected
such a high degree of variation
in the rest of the genome.
Because there's variation
coming from a not entirely Homo
sapien father.
>> Are the anomalies present
in the DNA tests reflective
of another species of humanoid?
Or is it possible that some
kind of genetic tampering
has taken place within
this ancient civilization?
>> If it's a kind of mutation
that you don't naturally see,
that means it's suggestive
that the changes were directed
by an intelligent agent.
I could produce that
kind of ratio changes
by directly engineering
or influencing
the genome of an organism.
>> These results obtained
from the Paracus skulls are
an astounding discovery,
yet they are not unique.
In 2017, Gaia led the charge
of an analysis and testing
of several mummified
bodies recovered in Peru.
Maria-- the name given
to a female humanoid
with an elongated skull, was
found in this same Paracus
region.
After testing and
DNA sequencing,
it was determined
that Maria, too,
did not match any known
human genome on the planet.
>> The DNA analysis for Maria
had a 20% matching homology
to the human reference genome.
That's what we saw
with the Y chromosome
for the elongated skulls.
Maybe the father
looked more like Maria.
That would be an agreement with
the similarity between only 20%
matches up with the
human reference genome,
just like what was
seen with Maria.
>> If this is true, could there
be a connection with Maria
and the other elongated heads?
Matias De Stefano,
who claims the ability
to recall past lives
via a connection
to the Akashic
records, remembers
that Maria looks like
a species from Sirius,
but from a different part than
the other elongated heads.
>> The being that
I've seen you--
you have found in
Paracus in Peru.
Like many of the
skulls that are there
in Ica and all that
region, they usually
came from the south of
the world that I remember.
In the south, the people
were smaller, tiny
compared to the
tallest that we were
in the central and the
north of the world.
And they also have less fingers.
So for sure, the being
that was discovered
was from the south of Gludok.
And for sure, when I'd
been in Ica, in Peru
and I have seen
the skulls, I could
tell that there were mostly
humans trying to imitate them.
But there were two of them, that
they were from Gludok, not only
by seeing the skull,
but also by feeling.
The way in which I
remember them is because I
used to be one of them.
And I remember how it was to be
one of them since I was a kid.
I remember them from a planet
that we used to call Gludok.
And there were three main
different races of our people,
that my race was 2
meters and a half high.
And there were other
ones that were smaller.
But the main characteristic
was that we had three brains--
two to balance the reality in
the third-dimensional worlds
and the other one to
connect with the realities
beyond the third dimension like
the fourth and fifth dimension.
The brain that we had allowed
us to vibrate the information.
So we were not much people
that used to talk, not
talkative people at all.
This took us to be one of
the species from Sirius
or close by Sirius that went
to every one of the planets
that we're trying to evolve.
We're in the process
of evolution.
And we were the ones
seeding the information,
the seeders of the projects
that would become those worlds.
So this is why some
people in this planet
used to call this
species gods that
came from the skies, other ones
like the masters, other ones
like the architects, because
we came here to teach.
>> Could these architects have
come to teach not only from
Sirius, but from
other star systems?
Is it possible there is a link
between all of these locations
and the elongated skulls
that have been found?
>> All the pyramids in
the world are aligned.
And they work for different
kind of constellations.
If you see the pyramids of
China, the pyramids of Egypt,
and the pyramids of
Peru, what you will find
is that the Earth is reflecting
the portals of Pleiades, Orion,
and Sirius.
If you see the
sky, you will find
that if you see the three stars
of Orion's portal, at your left
you will have the
stars of Sirius.
At your right, you will
find the stars of Pleiades.
So when you see this
structure and you print it
into the Earth, you will find
China pyramids, Egypt pyramids,
and Peruvian pyramids.
So the whole planet can hold the
frequency of the biggest portal
towards the spiritual self
in China, towards the biggest
portal of every dimension
in Egypt and then in Peru,
the order of the being and the
order of the confederation.
I knew that my people would
go and come constantly
to this planet to
make the settlements,
to make the download
of information
through pyramids, namely.
For us, that kind
of architecture
represented the seats,
represented the seats
of all the dimensions together.
So this is why this species used
to be all along this planet.
Because for us, this
planet was an opportunity
like a greenhouse where we could
put all the seeds together.
>> Were beings from the Sirius
star system and other star
systems an ancient progenitor
race that helped to seed
and guide humanity?
Is it possible these beings
have been deities worshipped
by ancient civilizations
all over the world?
The desire for people
of the old world
to ritualistically bind
the skulls of their young
may point to this possibility.
Ongoing research into
anomalous DNA sampled
from elongated skulls
excavated from ancient sites,
the world over,
continues to this day,
suggesting there could have been
intermingling of Homo sapien
sapiens and these beings.
This exciting
research may one day
reveal humanity's origins
to be far more complex
and challenging than our
current understanding.
Could these elongated
skulls provide some answers
to humanity's ongoing search
for our origins on this planet?
[MUSIC PLAYING]